move install instructions to docs\installing.md (#1372)
diasurgical/devilutionX: docs/installing.md

# Installing

> Download [the latest DevilutionX release](https://github.com/diasurgical/devilutionX/releases) and extract the contents to the location or your choice, or [build from source](./docs/building.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest [DevilutionX release](https://github.com/diasurgical/devilutionX/releases), or [build from source](./docs/building.md), and extract the contents to a location of your choosing.
```
